Redesigning Yahoo's website.

Website functionalities: 
 - Mail
 - News
 - Sports
 - Finance
 - Weather
 - Games
 - Groups
 - Answers
 - Screen
 - Flickr
 - Mobile
 - ....even more

Put on the front page:
 - Mail
 - News
 - Finance
 - Sports
 - Weather
Everything else will be links.

Yahoo's Wikipedia page says that the primary services the company is known for 
are Directory, Mail, News, Finance, Groups, Answers, and Search. 

88% of revenue in 2009 came from search advertising ("where advertisers bid 
for search terms to display their ads on the search results"). 

Their new website was launched in 2013 to be a more "personalized homepage" 
with widgets that the user could move around. 

Here are some of my initial impressions looking at the site (after not having 
used it for a few years):
 - The news appears to be the primary focus of the website (as the pictures 
 really stand out)
 - There are a _lot_ of products on the left hand side. It's a little 
 overwhelming. I must admit, I like how Google only displays a few of the 
 primary services then hides the rest in "more."
 - Where did mail go?
 - Weather and finances are very low on the page
 - The ads are at the _very_ bottom of the page. Perhaps not effective if you 
 put it there?
 - Do we really need comics?
 - The website design overall is inconsistent (Finance still looks like the 
 old Yahool Mail used to. Yahoo mail looks a lot like Gmail does...)

I read over some comments from users on an article about Mayer (http://www.vanityfair.com/business/2014/01/marissa-mayer-yahoo-google). Here are some 
thoughts:
 - Layout is confusing, and sometimes don't work when you click on them.
 - Simpler is better
 - Stuff won't load
 - How to determine page views is messy at best.
 - The email UI is really painful
 	- losing a lot of users
 - Hides announcements about changes in the application
Some more comments from a different site (http://www.seroundtable.com/yahoo-home-page-design-poll-16557.html):
 - uncustomizable
 - hard to read
 - not enough focus on mail
 - page and calendar and weather does not update on its own so I have to 
 reload the page constantly

Working with Yahoo's website is interesting because we should take into 
consideration their business model + what services people use the most. 

It seems as though people use yahoo primarily for mail and weather. However, 
Yahoo makes their money off of ads through their search bar. I'm not positive 
about why the news takes up such a large portion of the website (There is not 
a whole lot of difference between the news page and the home page. News seems 
the least relevant (unless people get all their news from Yahoo?)). Perhaps 
the news section would be better relegated to just a few headlines in a 
corner. 

I know I've been talking a lot about Google, but that is perhaps the site that 
is most similar to Yahoo (not saying that Google looks too great either). 
Interestingly, they had (at one point, not sure if they still do) an iHome 
page that you could customize that looked a lot like Yahoo's home page right 
now. However, on the regular home page, the focus is it's search engine. 

Though the majority of Yahoo's revenue comes from ads in searches, it would be 
tremendously difficult to compete with Google to be a search engine, and I 
think that the homepage of the website should convey what Yahoo's focus wants 
to be (which seems to be news right now). 

Inital redesign thoughts: 
 - Focus on mail (1), weather (3), and search (2)
 - Product oriented
 - No scrolling needed to find things. 
 - Small box with headlines + links to articles (4)
 	- Potentially pictures for news, inspiration from flip board?
 - Always more pictures, less words. 
 - Flat design
 - Header: all the other things, maybe as just icons, then mouse over to find 
 out what they are?